Function Documentation with Fixed Signatures and Event Links (#557)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/order/functions.mdx

  H2: Individual function names
  H3: Examples, Events, Returns (subsection headings)
  Content flow: [Signature code block] → [Parameters table] → Examples → Events → Returns
*/}

import TableWrapper from '@components/TableWrapper.astro';
import Link from '@components/Link.astro';
import { Aside } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

The Order drop-in provides API functions that enable you to programmatically control behavior, fetch data, and integrate with Adobe Commerce backend services.

<div style="background-color: var(--sl-color-blue-low); border-left: 4px solid var(--sl-color-blue); padding: 0.75rem 1rem; border-radius: 0.25rem; margin: 1rem 0;">
<strong>Version: unknown</strong>
</div>

{/* AUTO-GENERATED CONTENT - Do not edit below this line */}

<TableWrapper nowrap={[0]}>

| Function | Description |
| --- | --- |
| [`cancelOrder`](#cancelorder) | Calls the cancelOrder mutation. |
| [`confirmCancelOrder`](#confirmcancelorder) | Confirms the cancellation of an order using the provided order ID and confirmation key.. |
| [`confirmGuestReturn`](#confirmguestreturn) | Confirms a return request for a guest order using an order ID and confirmation key.. |

> | [`getAttributesForm`](#getattributesform) | Uses the attributesForm query to retrieve EAV attributes associated with customer and customer address frontend forms.. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`getAttributesForm`](#getattributesform) | Retrieves EAV attributes associated with customer and customer address frontend forms. |
```
